In this course Evaluating Designs with Users we will be diving into user testing.
User Testing is one of the key, if not the key, methods in UX research, and
knowing how to conduct a user test is absolutely essential for
anyone working in UX regardless of their role.
So what is User Testing?
Well, basically what it means is you&#39;re gonna watch,
representative users, that is, the types of people that you expect to use a system.
Try to accomplish important tasks using that product.
And so, that&#39;s pretty much all it is, you&#39;re gonna just bring people in, or
you&#39;re gonna go to where they are, and have them do a few things,
and you&#39;re just gonna watch what happens.
So, why do we do User Testing?
What do you get out of it?
Well, in a nutshell, you learn a lot from watching people use this system.
You learn what works, and what doesn&#39;t, where do they run into trouble.
Where does the system support what they are trying to do, and where does it not.
You also learn why things work and they don&#39;t.
You really can see, when you watch people struggle with a system,
you can see what might be broken, or what might be causing the problem that gives
you some clues about what it is you need to fix.
You also often learn about user needs that you missed,
that maybe you didn&#39;t get right earlier in the process when you were trying to
understand what users&#39; needs are.
You put something in front of people and
say, hey is this the thing that you needed?
And they say, no, I forgot to tell you I actually need it done this way.
And so you can learn a lot that will help you design a better version
of the product.
Well why not just use your own experience?
Why not just try these things out yourself and see where it works and
where it doesn&#39;t work?
Well, there&#39;s a couple of reasons why your own experience
isn&#39;t necessarily gonna be enough.
For one thing, you often know too much, especially if this is a system that
you&#39;re helping to build, or a system that you&#39;ve spent a lot of time with.
You&#39;ve already figured out how to do all the things you need to do.
You may know the workarounds to get things done,
that new people aren&#39;t gonna necessarily be aware of.
And so it might be easier for you to use the system than it&#39;s going to be for
other people.
And you need to see how other people are approaching it.
In some cases, you also might know too little,
you don&#39;t really know enough about the users, and what their expectations are.
And what their mental models are, and how they think a task should work.
Until you seem them try it out,
until you see them go through the process of working through a task.
So, your own experience is valuable, your own intuition is valuable about what
works and what doesn&#39;t, but it&#39;s often not enough.
And that&#39;s why we do user testing to see how other people come at and
interact with products that we&#39;re interested in understanding.
So the basic idea behind User Testing is you&#39;re gonna go,
and you&#39;re gonna find potential users,
people that are the types of people that you expect to use your system.
You&#39;re gonna ask them to do some stuff and we&#39;re gonna call those tasks.
You&#39;re gonna observe what happens, you&#39;re gonna ask them some questions afterwards,
about their experience.
And then you&#39;re gonna write down what you learned, and
figure out what that tells you about how the system ought to be improved.
In the rest of this course, we will go deeper into each aspect of the User Test,
looking at how to design, prepare for, conduct, and
analyze user tests as part of UX research.